Alchemy Account Kit is the complete developer toolkit to build zero-friction user flows, from sign-up to checkout, in minutes. It includes: - Embedded Wallets: onboard users with plug-and-play UI components, familiar social logins, and customizable branding. - Smart Accounts: secure, gas-optimized, modular ERC-4337 smart contract accounts. - Account Abstraction Infra: sponsor gas and transact with one-click using smart accounts. Try the demo and start building. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Circle Circle's Programmable Wallets and Gas Station provide developer tools for integrating USDC and digital assets into web and mobile applications with gasless transactions. Programmable Wallets allow developers to create and manage Externally Owned Addresses (EOAs) and smart contract accounts with security backed by multi-party computation (MPC) technology . With intuitive SDKs and APIs, developers can integrate secure, user-friendly wallets directly into their apps. Gas Station eliminates the complexity of gas fees by enabling sponsored transactions, allowing users to interact with blockchain applications without worrying about transaction costs. Get started with Circle Programmable Wallets here. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Dynamic Dynamic offers one flexible SDK for every wallet interaction, combining authentication, smart embedded wallets, and secure key management. Get extensive coverage across chains and third-party wallets with Dynamic's multichain wallet adapter. Onboard DeFi power users or newcomers with ease. Get started with Dynamic's live demo! Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Privy Privy is the easiest way for crypto app developers to onboard all users, supporting many of the most popular crypto apps. Privy offers embedded wallets so you can seamlessly provision self-custodial wallets for users who sign in with email or social login, as well as powerful connectors for crypto natives who prefer to sign in with their existing wallets. It's one library to onboard all users, regardless of where they are on their crypto journey. You can get started with Privy here! Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Safe Safe provides modular smart account infrastructure for developers to create applications and wallets. Their solution focuses on bringing digital ownership of accounts through universal and open contract standards. Get started with Safe here. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Thirdweb Thirdweb offers a complete platform to leverage account abstraction to enable seamless user experiences for your users. This includes everything you need to spin up Smart Accounts for onchain accounts, Bundlers for UserOps and Paymasters to enable gas sponsorships. Account Abstraction Documentation and Account Abstraction Playground Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet ZeroDev ZeroDev is a chain-abstracted smart account that helps you build Web3 experiences that are: - Free of gas: sponsor gas for your users or let them pay gas with an ERC20 token - Free of approvals: safely skip confirmations through transaction automation - Free of bridges: users can make cross-chain transactions without interacting with bridges - Can easily move funds between CEXs and the account Get started with ZeroDev here! Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Reown AppKit Reown AppKit is an open-source SDK enabling developers to add Web3 features like social login, chain abstraction, and gas sponsorship across any blockchain, with built-in support for token swaps and smart accounts. Get started here. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet