Getting historical data on smart contracts can be frustrating when building a dapp. With The Graph anyone can create or query subgraphs, making the data available to the entire ecosystem. Quickstart A subgraph can be created in just a few minutes by following these steps: 1. Initialize your subgraph 2. Publish your subgraph to The Graph Network 3. Query from your dapp with your unique API key Step 1: Initialize Your Subgraph Create a subgraph in Subgraph Studio Go to the Subgraph Studio and connect your wallet. Once your wallet is connected, you can begin by clicking "Create a Subgraph". When choosing a name, it's recommended to use Title Case, including the subgraph and chain name, e.g., "MyDapp Subgraph Unichain". !Create Subgraph You'll land on your subgraph's page with all CLI commands visible on the right side. !Subgraph Commands Install the Graph CLI Initialize your local subgraph You'll be prompted to provide information about your subgraph: !Initialization Prompts Simply verify your contract on the block explorer, and the CLI will automatically obtain the ABI and set up your subgraph. The default settings will generate an entity for each event. Step 2: Deploy and Publish Deploy to Subgraph Studio First, run these commands: Then, run these to authenticate and deploy your subgraph. You can copy these commands directly from your subgraph's page in Studio to include your specific deploy key and subgraph slug: You will be asked for a version label. You can enter something like v0.0.1, but you're free to choose the format. Test your subgraph You can test your subgraph by making a sample query in the playground section. The Details tab will show you an API endpoint. You can use that endpoint to test from your dapp. !Playground Test Publish your subgraph to The Graph's decentralized network Once your subgraph is ready to be put into production, you can publish it to the decentralized network. On your subgraph's page in Subgraph Studio, click on the Publish button: !Publish Subgraph Before you can query your subgraph, Indexers need to begin serving queries on it. In order to streamline this process, you can curate your own subgraph using GRT. When publishing, you'll see the option to curate your subgraph. As of May 2024, it is recommended that you curate your own subgraph with at least 3,000 GRT to ensure that it is indexed and available for querying as soon as possible. > Note: The Graph's smart contracts are all on Arbitrum One, even though > your subgraph is indexing data from Unichain > supported chain. Step 3: Query Your Subgraph Congratulations! You can now query your subgraph on the decentralized network! To query any subgraph on the decentralized network, pass a GraphQL query into the subgraph's query URL, which can be found at the top of its Explorer page. Here's an example from the CryptoPunks Ethereum subgraph by Messari: !CryptoPunks Example The query URL for this subgraph is: Now, you simply need to fill in your own API Key to start sending GraphQL queries to this endpoint. Get your own API key In Subgraph Studio, you'll see the "API Keys" menu at the top of the page. Here, you can create API Keys. !API Keys Appendix Sample query This query shows the most expensive CryptoPunks sold. Passing this into the query URL returns this result: Sample code Additional resources - To explore all the ways you can optimize and customize your subgraph for better performance, read more about creating a subgraph here. - To learn more about querying data from Unichain with your subgraph. - Subgraph Studio.