Api3 Api3 delivers first-party oracles that pay you, connecting real-world data directly to smart contracts while reclaiming lost value through Oracle Extractable Value (OEV). Explore the Api3 Market and start earning. See this guide to learn how to integrate Api3's data feeds. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Pyth Pyth Network is a decentralized oracle solution that provides high-fidelity, real-time financial market data to blockchain networks and applications. Leveraging data from top-tier financial institutions, Pyth aims to enhance the accuracy and speed of dApps by offering ultra-low-latency price feeds. See this guide to learn how to use the Pyth feeds. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet RedStone RedStone is a blockchain oracle provider, specialising in yield-bearing collateral for lending markets, yield protocols, vaults or stablecoins, securing Billions of dollars of TVL across mainnets. On Unichain, RedStone provides both Pull as well as Push (onchain) price feeds in the most popular oracle interface. You can find LST, LRT, Bitcoin LST and other available onchain feeds here. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Stork Stork is a fast-growing oracle that provides a comprehensive suite of onchain data solutions to decentralized applications. With over 350 real-time data feeds across more than 50 blockchains, Stork enables onchain developers to build high-performance dApps. See this guide to learn how to use Stork feeds. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet eOracle eOracle provides decentralized price feeds through a cryptoeconomically secure oracle network, backed by staked ETH and a globally distributed network of validators. See eOracle's docs to learn how to integrate eOracle data feeds. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Gas Network Gas Network by Blocknative is a distributed oracle platform providing real-time gas price data across blockchains. By bringing data from leading gas price providers onchain, Gas Network helps drive interoperability. Gas Network supports data for over 35 chains, including Ethereum mainnet and the Superchain. See this guide to learn how to use Gas Network oracles. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet Chronicle Chronicle is a decentralized oracle network originally built within MakerDAO, offering 90+ data feeds including crypto assets, yield rates, and RWAs. Chronicle uses a Schnorr-based Oracle architecture that reduces gas costs by 60-80% per update. See Chronicle's docs to learn how to integrate Chronicle's data feeds. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet