Superbridge Superbridge enables you to bridge ETH and other supported assets from Ethereum (L1) to Unichain (L2). Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Across Across is an interoperability protocol powered by intents, enabling fast, low-cost value transfer with different security tradeoffs compared with traditional bridge designs. It uses an intent-based architecture that decouples user experience from settlement, allowing instant transfers while maintaining security. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet Brid.gg Use Brid.gg to bring assets from L1 onto Unichain. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Allbridge Allbridge Core enables the transfer of value between blockchains by offering cross-chain swaps of native stablecoins. Being messaging protocol agnostic, Allbridge Core connects a variety of EVM and non-EVM networks. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Synapse Synapse Protocol allows you to bridge between 8 different EVM and blockchains with zero-slippage and in under 5 seconds. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Thirdweb Use thirdweb to swap and bridge assets from ETH to Unichain! Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Relay Relay is a cross-chain payments system that enables fast, affordable bridging and cross-chain execution by connecting users with relayers, financial agents that act on users' behalf across chains for a small fee. It minimizes gas costs and execution latency, making it useful for payments, bridging, NFT minting, and gas abstraction. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet Orbiter Finance Orbiter Finance is a decentralized cross-rollup bridge that offers fast, secure, and cost-efficient asset transfers. It supports near-instant bridging between Ethereum and emerging Layer 2 networks. Orbiter enables seamless user experience with minimal fees by optimizing rollup infrastructure. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet