Quickstart: Set Up and Transfer USDC on Unichain This guide walks you through the process of creating a dApp for transferring USDC on the Unichain Network. !USDC transfer app preview What Is USDC? For businesses, developers, and consumers, USDC is a digital dollar created by Circle that unlocks global, secure, and frictionless access to a stable store of value, including instant, low-cost payments, and 24/7 capital markets. > 📘 USDC is backed 100% by highly liquid cash and cash-equivalent assets, so it's always redeemable 1:1 for USD. Circle GitHub Repository You can find the complete source code for the sample application in the GitHub repository. Prerequisites Before you begin: - Set up a wallet on Unichain - Have ETH and USDC on Unichain testnet - Use the USDC Faucet if needed - Use the USDC testnet token contract on Unichain Sepolia: 0x31d0220469e10c4E71834a79b1f276d740d3768F Part 1. Project Setup Perform the steps below to set up the project files for your application: 1. Create new Next.js project 2. Install dependencies 3. Create directory structure Part 2. Create Source Code Perform the steps below to create the source code for your application: 1. Define Contract Constants Create contracts.ts and copy the code below: 2. Create Wallet Hook Create useWallet.ts and copy the code below: 3. Create Wallet Interface Component Create WalletInterface.tsx and copy the code below: 4. Update Main Page Update app/page.tsx with the code below: 5. Add TypeScript Declaration Create types/global.d.ts and copy the code below: Part 3. Usage Perform the steps below to use your application. 1. Start development server 2. Connect wallet - Click "Connect Wallet" - Approve Uniswap Wallet connection 3. Send USDC - Enter recipient address - Enter USDC amount - Click "Send" - Approve transaction in Uniswap Wallet Summary In this guide you learned how to create a dApp for transferring USDC on the Unichain network. For more information, refer to the Circle Developer Documentation. Happy coding!