The public RPC endpoint mainnet.unichain.org only supports standard JSON-RPC calls and should not be used in production systems. All third-party node providers listed below support WebSocket connections for real-time data. Alchemy Alchemy is a Web3 developer platform that has powered many dApps for years. It offers JSON-RPC APIs and subgraphs for Unichain builders. See the quickstart to get started! Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Blockdaemon Blockdaemon is the leading provider supporting the growing market for blockchain services. It offers JSON-RPC Dedicated Nodes for Unichain builders and institutional customers, such as exchanges, fintechs, and wallets. See the quickstart guide to get started! Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Chainstack Chainstack is the leading suite of services connecting developers with Web3 infrastructure, powering applications in DeFi, gaming, analytics, and everything in between. From startups to large enterprises, Chainstack enables thousands of companies to cut down the time to market, costs, and risks associated with creating and scaling decentralized applications. Get started with Chainstack Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet dRPC dRPC.org is the consumer platform on top of Nodehaus, the offchain routing protocol for onchain data with a built-in fallback mechanism. Nodehaus is an aggregation layer for RPC nodes, leveraging AI-driven load balancing to enhance cost efficiency and performance. It offers unlimited RPC and API keys, along with advanced analytics for seamless scalability and insights. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Dwellir Dwellir delivers fast, affordable RPC access to 140+ blockchains, backed by global datacenters across four continents and industry-leading pricing. See the quickstart guide to get started! Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Infura Infura offers highly available JSON-RPC access to Unichain Sepolia in partnership with the Decentralized Infrastructure Network (DIN) protocol. Get started building on Unichain with the Infura free tier today. See the quickstart to get started! Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet QuickNode QuickNode provides hosted Unichain RPC nodes under their free and paid plans, granting flexible and reliable access to the network. For high-throughput or mission-critical applications, Dedicated Clusters deliver premium performance with unmetered billing, elevated rate limits, and robust infrastructure. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet OnFinality OnFinality is a blockchain infrastructure platform for Web3 builders. OnFinality delivers managed, scalable, and reliable API endpoints across major blockchain networks, and supports automated test, deploy, scale, and monitoring workflows, plus managed SubQuery and subgraph indexers. Get started here Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet