Deploying a SuperchainERC20 token on Unichain is as simple as deploying a smart contract. For additional reading, see Deploy a Smart Contract. Unichain's cross-chain interoperability standard is built on SuperchainERC20 , a token implementation that extends traditional ERC20 functionality with cross-chain capabilities. While maintaining full ERC20 compatibility, it enables seamless token movement across the OP Stack ecosystem. Summary Deploy a SuperchainERC20 token contract, minting 1,000,000 tokens to the deployer While the SuperchainERC20 is a trust-minimized way to enable for giving your token Superchain interop capabilities, other token implementations can also benefit from Superchain interop. If you choose a token standard other than SuperchainERC20 here are a few things to consider: - xERC20 (ERC-7281) : Cross-chain ERC-20 with bridge approval and rate limiting - OFT : LayerZero's cross-chain token standard - NTT : Wormhole's cross-chain token standard These alternatives can also benefit from Superchain interop by giving cross-chain mint/burn permissions to the SuperchainTokenBridge or L2ToL2CrossDomainMessenger . For more information about compatible tokens and implementations, see superchain compatible tokens documentation . Requirements ETH on Unichain is required. See Get Funds on Unichain. 1. The guide uses foundry for deployments. Install it by running: 2. Initialize a new forge project: 3. Add Unichain to your foundry.toml 4. Install SuperchainERC20 implementation from Optimism's Interop-lib Other community ERC20 implementations are available such as: - Solmate - OpenZeppelin - Solady Steps 1. Define the token contract Most tokens _inherit_ an existing ERC-20 implementation. This guide uses Optimism's SuperchainERC20 implementation to deploy a token with cross-chain interoperability. In the example, tokens are only minted if deployed on the specified chain ID. Developers can configure: - Token name, i.e. ExampleToken - Token symbol, i.e. MET - Initial supply chain ID to prevent unintended minting - Owner address who receives the initial supply 2. Deploy the token Create a deployment script to deploy a token with deterministic address: Deploy the token (smart contract) with foundry using this script: > See Deploy a Smart Contract for more information. 3. Transferring tokens (optional) Upon creation of the token, the deployer is the owner of all 1,000,000 tokens. To transfer the tokens, use the transfer function: The transfer function is callable from a block explorer, a web framework, or a backend language such as typescript, python, or rust. To transfer tokens using cast: 4. Create a trading pool on Uniswap v4 This step is also optional, but developers enable trading of their new token on Uniswap v4: - Create a Pool and Add Liquidity - Create a Pool Only