Integrate as a quoter on UniswapX to compete for exclusive filling rights on Ethereum mainnet. This page is intended for experienced DeFi teams that have run similar systems on other protocols. To ensure a smooth swapping experience for traders, the set of quoters is vetted by Uniswap Labs. The quoting system may become fully permissionless in the future. Once approved by Uniswap Labs, follow the instructions below to complete your integration. Quoter Requirements To participate as a quoter, you must host a service that adheres to the UniswapX RFQ API schema and responds to requests with quotes. The RFQ participant who submits the most competitive quote for a given order receives exclusive rights to fill it using their Executor during the _Exclusivity Period_ of the auction. Performance Expectations To ensure a smooth experience for swappers and a fair auction process for quoters, participants are held to the following performance standards: Your server must respond to a request for a quote within 500ms. If you cannot provide a quote, respond with a 204 status code. Consistent failure to meet this standard may result in suspension from the system. Handling Fades & the Circuit Breaker Quoters are expected to honor and execute the quotes they submit. If a quoter submits a winning quote but fails to fill the subsequent order, the "circuit breaker" will be triggered, temporarily disabling the quoter from receiving new requests. The cooldown period starts at 15 minutes for the first fade and increases exponentially for consecutive fades. See the source code for cooldown calculation details. For more details on what counts as a fade (and what doesn't), see the fade mechanics FAQ. RFQ API Integration Details To successfully receive and respond to UniswapX RFQ Quotes, you must have a publicly accessible endpoint that handles incoming quote requests according to the following schema: Request schema Response schema If you can fulfill the quote request, your server should respond with status 200 and the following data: If you do not wish to respond to a quote request, you must return an empty response with status code 204 . Schema when disabled due to circuit breaker If you are an onboarded quoter who is currently disabled by the circuit breaker, your server will receive the following message on the same quote endpoint: Moving to Production All new quoter instances start by being onboarded to the Beta environment. There, at least 5 valid Exclusive RFQ fills must be demonstrated before moving to production. The Beta environment serves valid mainnet orders that should be filled against production contracts but does not receive traffic from production interfaces. Steps to move to production 1. Provide the quote server URL to your Uniswap Labs contact along with the contract address used to fill. It is recommended to use the same quoting infrastructure intended for production. 2. Begin sending quotes and orders to beta via the UniswapX CLI. Reach out to the Uniswap team to be added to the private GitHub. The beta environment now requires a Uniswap API key on every request. Generate one at developers.uniswap.org and add it to a .env file in the project root as UNISWAP_API_KEY . A private key is only needed for submit commands that sign the order; set it as UNISWAP_PRIVATE_KEY in .env or pass it at runtime with --private-key . 3. Send hashes of 5 filled transactions that demonstrate that the integration was able to fill during the exclusive period; specifically before decayStartTime The Uniswap Labs team will review the 5 transactions to confirm they were successful exclusive fills. Once confirmed, the quoter setup will be promoted to production and will start receiving traffic. To get started, fill out the quoter intake form. For questions about the onboarding process, reach out to quoters@uniswap.org.