Allium Allium is a real-time analytics platform that provides both historical and real-time data to institutions and crypto enterprises. Allium delivers data to customers any way they need it - interactive dashboards, a simple query interface, flexible APIs, or custom integrations like data shares & streams. Allium developed the Uniswap v4 Analytics Dashboard and Unichain Analytics Dashboard with Uniswap Labs. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet GhostGraph GhostGraph makes it easy to build blazingly fast indexers (subgraphs) for smart contracts. GhostGraph is the first indexing solution that lets you write index transformations in Solidity . Unichain dApps can query data with GraphQL using hosted endpoints. To get started, you can sign up for an account and follow this quickstart guide on how to create, deploy, and query a GhostGraph. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Goldsky Goldsky is Unichain's real-time data platform. Build powerful apps with high-performance subgraphs and real-time data pipelines. It currently serves 120+ blockchains and powers billions in TVL. To get started with Goldsky, create an account and follow the guide here for next steps. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet SQD SQD Network is a decentralized query engine optimized for batch extraction of large volumes of data. It currently serves historical onchain data ingested from 100+ EVM chains, including Unichain Sepolia. The indexing service provides EVM event logs, transaction receipts, traces, and per-transaction state diffs. To get started, visit the EVM API or see the Squid TypeScript SDK. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet SubQuery SubQuery is an open source, multi-chain blockchain data indexer that provides developers with fast, flexible APIs for Web3 projects. SubQuery supports 275+ ecosystems, including Unichain, and lets developers aggregate data across many blockchains in one project. Other advantages include high indexing performance with multiple RPC endpoint configurations, multi-worker capabilities, and a configurable caching architecture. To get started building your custom API for your next Unichain project, visit the Unichain quick start documentation page. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet The Graph The Graph makes it easy to organize and access onchain data. The Graph is the original decentralized data marketplace that invented and standardized Subgraphs, which are open APIs you can query to rapidly serve data into your Unichain application's frontend. With The Graph, you can build serverless applications that run entirely on public infrastructure. To get started, visit the documentation or see this quickstart on how to create, deploy, and query a subgraph that organizes Unichain data. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet Dune Dune is a leading data analytics platform that democratizes access to onchain data by enabling users to query, visualize, and build applications. Dune supports comprehensive analysis of tokens, wallets, protocols, and more. The platform's recent launch of the Echo developer platform extends its capabilities for real-time multi-chain applications. To get started, sign up on Dune or visit their documentation to learn more. Supported networks - Unichain Mainnet - Unichain Sepolia Testnet